How do Tom and Judy die?
Where is the Manor?
What happened to Polyxena according to Andromache?
Where does Tarzan go to work for the French Ministry of War?
Who are the two characters that are playing dice for the crews' and the mariner's souls?
In what year does Adam's wife become ill?
What did Hayy do with the dead body of the creature who raised him?
What cause's Denry to start courting Ruth?
What is Dayne's destiny?
What is the essential problem that social mechanisms have?
How many generations of the Brangwen family are there? 
Why was Thibault beaten by the Lord of Vez's gamekeeper?
Where do Athos Roussos and Jakob Beer move after the war?
Why do Eugenia and Felix travel to America?
Why did nobody believe Chandler about being possessed?
Other than the Countess and her household what two ladies does Myles meet while in the "privy garden"?
Where does Lucie spot cloths laying?
What are the two submarines named which are searching for the treasure?
Why doesn't George begin the trip with J. and Harris?
How does Peter get out of the McGregor garden?
What time is it when Virginia says goodbye to the Canterville Ghost and returns from the Garden of Death?
What kind of limitations do the aliens have with their technology?
What does the demon do after being rejected?
How often does Trailmen's fever occur?
Who renamed David as "Trotwood Copperfield"?
What town did William Miller grow up in? 
When does Rosaura give herself a different name?
Who does Adet seek revenge against?
Who are the parents of Amadis?
When was the Doctrine of Right completed by Kant?
Where does the queen of the fairies reside?
Who does Davies suspect?
At the beginning of the story, what type of service does Turiddu return from?
What do the children find in the gravel pit?
Who do Harley and Edwards discover upon approaching the village?
Who did the invisible monster turn out to be?
How did Adams think the 20th century would compare with the previous one?
What does Costaguana resemble?
Which one of the characters revealed secret information to Mr. Touchwood?
What does Professor Bumper do upon meeting Tom? 
Which state did the sniper practice in?
When Emma travels to meet Leon, what does Charles think she is doing?
How old is Elizabeth Ann/Betsy?
Who is the one person Chandler doesn't kill when dealing with the execs?
How does Griffin attempt to get by when he runs out of resources?
Who tells Mrs. Otis that the blood stains, in the sitting room, are evidence of a ghost?
What does Jane refuse to do for Jack?
The Titus Brothers Contractors won a government contract in what country?
Ehat is the dispute that the knights in Knot IV are party to about?
Who convinces Israel to become a spy?
Why did Maud Matchin not want to work as a house servant?
Why does Emily live with her aunt after her father's death?
What happens to Beowulf after he slays the dragon?
Where do the Blackadders plan to go after selling their plantation?
What does Czarover offer Dorothy and the party?
Where was Kensington garden located? What does Verloc sell in his shop? 
What is the month and day of the second day of this storyline?
Where did Halbert flee after his battle with Sir Piercie?
Why does Turiddu bite Alfio's ear?
Who does Miss Hathaway marry?
With which christian denomination is the Abbey associated with?
Who tricks Lady Sue into marrying them?
From whom did Davies borrow money for his first trip across the Atlantic?
What causes Rhoda to break off Everard's engagement offer?
The mail service would continue unless what happened?
Why does Werther leave Wahlheim for Weimer?
What does the lawyer offer Bartleby when he learns that he is still living in the building?
Who save Anodos from being killed?
When Salammbo sees the torture and execution of Matho, what happens to her?
How did Robinson Crusoe finally get off the island?
Which of the 3 beggars operating out of the Tahitian port of Papeete was once a failed English businessman? 
What proof of his tale did Carnehan provide?
What does Aeneas plan to build after he becomes king?
Who is the friendliest of the 3 races?
Who joined the Roman Catholic church?
Why did Godwin Peak decide to leave Exeter? 
Who does Julius believe had him killed?
Who is the namesake that is raising Martin?
What town is Saint Ronan's Well located in?
What are enticements of the flesh not more powerful than?
What happened to the King's servants after the doctor took over the castle?
Why does the Devil, in the form of a poodle, follow Faust home?
Where does the story take place?
How does Eden emotionally deal with becoming wealthy?
Who is Malcolm engaged to?
What name does The Man reveal to The Queen?
Why was Jemima thrown from her master's home?
What was Marjory's surname when she buried Don Bernardino?
Who takes Nadia prisoner?
What important family events happen during the book's ending?
How does the narrator plan to rescue the woman trapped in pattern?
What does the angel call our world?
Why does Emily write to Linda?
What does Madea want to do to Creon and Glauce?
Why do the aliens refuse to study the passengers and crew of the Victory?
What may be the first reason for Gilbert Long's percieved exuberance?
What subjects make up most of Jerome's observations while travelling down the River Thames?
What is the name of the school bully?
Who kills Rudi?